Complete instructions for installing kn binary (#4096)
knative/docs: docs/snippets/install-kn.md

        You can install `kn` by downloading the executable binary for your system and placing it in the system path.

        1. Download the binary for your system from the <a href="https://github.com/knative/client/releases" target="_blank">`kn` release page</a>.

        1. Rename the binary to `kn` and make it executable by running the commands:

            ```

>             mv kn-darwin-amd64 kn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            mv <path-to-binary-file> kn
```

            chmod +x kn
            ```

>             The original name depends on your system architecture, for example, `kn-darwin-amd64` or `kn-linux-amd64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Where <path-to-binary-file> is the path to the binary file you downloaded in the previous step, for example, `kn-darwin-amd64` or `kn-linux-amd64`.
```

     1. Move the executable binary file to a directory on your PATH:

         ```
         mv kn /usr/local/bin
         ```

     1. Verify that the plugin is working, for example:

         ```
         kn version

>          ```

Reviewer: For the numbering to format properly, I think lines 18 - 35 might all need to be indented by an extra 3 spaces.
